the British are the pinburrough poopy
Dahlonega comedy star they can run about
10 agoraphobic for you bath bomb that
explodes the boat - it'll be done
already - no me the funny car
my name is Amy and I work at Tim Hortons
Children's Foundation summer camps the
anticipation time of year because you
know camps coming can't wait for it to
start they're coming from far away so
we're not only giving them the camp
experience we're giving them experience
of travel Wednesday June 2nd is camp day
at Tim Hortons a day when our store
owners to need all their coffee proceeds
to the Tim Horton Children's Foundation
to help send deserving kids to camp they
go back home different people I think it
makes a world of difference in terms of
confidence they have that memory with
them forever they're good kids and they
deserve the best
well Jenna didn't really want to go with
Zach in the gang her brothers seemed
intent on being king and ruling over
everybody so she didn't have much choice
Zach and the gang led Jenna back to
their fort at the plateau they were her
protectors they said well protecting is
often the right thing to do but somehow
this seemed like the wrong time for
protection Jenna felt more like a
captive suddenly a little spider lifted
herself down on a web and came close to
Jenna's ear seemed to be telling her
something bewitched you must find your
way out of here Jenna looked around the
boys were busy
he gave her a chance to escape she
slipped around a boulder and she found a
path there that led into the woods and
through the woods down to a stream and
across the stream there was a bridge and
you know sitting on that bridge were her
two little boys they smiled up at her
and she rushed to greet them then she
noticed that each of them held in their
hands a little Bluebird oh maybe like a
little bird Dirk and Rock found oh it
was like the little bird they found
because this little bird was injured
Jenna picked it up and as soon as she
did it breathed its last the boys had
tears in their eyes and Jenna couldn't
help tears running down her cheeks and
then she remembered there's something
you can do when something you love dies
that makes it feel a little bit better
she let the little boys down to the
riverbank there and she dug a little
hole a little grave for the bird and she
tucked the dead bird in there cover it
with dirt she said and they did but as
soon as they've done that they started
digging a second grave no no the other
bird is
dance Jenna just then she heard the gang
coming down the trail oh yes and then
cover yourselves as well and they know
sooner done that and the gang appeared
coming out of the woods on the trail
Zach in the lead ah there you are Jenna
we were afraid you were in some kind of
danger one gang member took one elbow
one gang member took the other one and
they let Jenna back into captivity Zach
one day when all this land is mine I'll
aim for wealth and power I will take
myself in my greatest for a king must be
generous
and I will be king and so we add yet
another layer to the woven tapestry and
with it another hope that one day it
will become a living tapestry and the
children of the lost village will return
with their secrets from the magic
mountain of store